CSM v2 docs (#617)
lidofinance/docs: docs/staking-modules/csm/contracts/CSEjector.md

# CSEjector

- [Source code](https://github.com/lidofinance/community-staking-module/blob/v2.0/src/CSEjector.sol)
- [Deployed contract](https://etherscan.io/address/0xc72b58aa02E0e98cF8A4a0E9Dce75e763800802C)

> `CSEjector.sol` is a supplementary contract responsible for interactions with EIP-7002-powered Lido Withdrawal credentials via `VEB`. Node Operators can voluntarily eject their validators. `CSStrikes.sol` uses `CSEjector.sol` to trigger exits for validators that have surpassed the strike threshold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CSEjector.sol` is a supplementary contract responsible for interactions with EIP-7002-powered Lido Withdrawal credentials via `TriggerableWithdrawalsGateway` (`TWG`). Node Operators can voluntarily eject their validators. `CSStrikes.sol` uses `CSEjector.sol` to trigger exits for validators that have surpassed the strike threshold.
```

Reviewer: AFAIK `CSEjector` is provided with the `ADD_FULL_WITHDRAWAL_REQUEST_ROLE` to interact directly with TWG though
